docs: Add Docs for  Interruption Handling (#2807)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/getting-started/getting-started-with-eksctl/_index.md

#### Enable Interruption Handling (optional)

Interruption handling allows for Karpenter to watch for spot interruption notifications, spot rebalance recommendations, and EC2 scheduled maintenance events. Karpenter enables this feature by watching an SQS queue which receives critical events from AWS services which may affect your nodes. To simplify the process of standing-up and configuring this infrastructure, Karpenter automatically provisions and continually reconciles the state of the SQS queue and EventBridge rules that are needed to enable notification of these events.

By enabling Karpenter interruption handling, you are allowing Karpenter to provision the following infrastructure in your account:

* SQS Queue (named after your EKS cluster name)
* EventBridge Rules (prefixed with `Karpenter-`)

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
All infrastructure that Karpenter creates and deploys to your account is tagged with the `karpenter.sh/discovery: ${CLUSTER_NAME}` and the `karpenter.sh/managed-by: ${CLUSTER_NAME}` tags for ease of discovery
{{% /alert %}}

> Permission to provisions these rules is given through the `KarpenterEventPolicy` provisioned through the [CloudFormation template](#create-the-karpenternode-iam-role) deployed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permission to provision these rules is given through the `KarpenterEventPolicy` created through the [CloudFormation template](#create-the-karpenternode-iam-role) deployed above.
```
